Plot language (#2239)
bootstrapworld/curriculum: lessons/Data-Science/CODAP/codap-dot-plots-bar-charts/langs/en-us/pages/codap-visualizations-intro.adoc

Open the @starter-file{animals}. First, create a graph of randomly generated points by selecting the `Graph` icon, and then respond to the following prompts.

> == Create Visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create Data Visualizations
```

@vspace{1ex}

> == Numeric vs. Categorical Visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Numeric vs. Categorical Data Visualizations
```

@vspace{1ex}

> @n As you've discovered, CODAP can view `Age` as numeric or categorical. In which mode can we `Fuse dots into bars`? Think about what sort of data bar graphs visualize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@n As you've discovered, CODAP can view `Age` as numeric or categorical. In which mode can we `Fuse dots into bars`? Which kind of data is used for bar graphs?
```
